hi in this video I'm going to explain
how to fill in the betting odds into the
true odds and my detective spreadsheet
for neat games with h2h history so
example is Atletico Madrid vs Valencia
and I have already prepared a
spreadsheet by filling in the last 25
full games and the last 25 away games as
well as a head-to-head history of the
last ten years the trots are calculated
here and sorry thing what is now missing
is actually to compare those odds to the
market odds for this I have already
opened
Betfair in my browser and what we are
going to do now is very simply going
down thoughts and manually type them in
into the spreadsheet noise a little bit
make it a little bit more freedom to be
able to see it side by side it and this
one come a little bit direction
okay so Real Madrid is 1.72 back as we
are often doing lipids I'm choosing here
to type in the lay prices so then we
need to scroll down we don't have the
second half match odds we have half time
behalf half time you see that little cup
so we are taking the middle between it
here how to draw half time again taking
the middle between it draw no bet we are
taking the highest price so there's a
little bit with experience you will down
this time which odds to take which odds
you will get matched and of course your
can only build a spreadsheet with data
with odds you have actually access tone
so 2.82 2175 I'm looking at here to side
here five six point six
14:34 24 12
so I'm just goes down and down and down
the once you have filled this one in you
do the same for the gold markets for
them under our 1.5 calls is able to go
here for that 374th umber again in the
middle 192 or follow 2.5 and you just
fill in thoughts I would recommend to
fill in absolutely everything not so
that once you have not collected enough
spreadsheet that you actually can run an
analysis however for a few odds the
Betfair market is simply not busy enough
for example the Asian Handicap is in bed
fear never excellent and therefore for
the Asian Handicap
your will need to use for example odds
check on you'll find here in odds check
on you are going to need to look to the
left hand and find the much in question
and then once it has opened up the match
you need to go on more an Asian Handicap
and then it will give you a comparison
of the best bookmakers here opens Asian
Handicap
tab scroll over so this one you are sort
by name
so
sort of her name so and it's Atletico
Madrid against Valencia so this means we
have a little atomic weight here and now
we are going to find the Asian Handicap
prices here plus Oh 25 117 1 1 so minus
25 is 1 point 43 M no s 1 1 point 43 is
probably another 1.46 1.69 and you just
keep filling it in you can see already
that our calculations are pretty close
to the bookmaker markets and
also here and more you learn about odds
calculation you will understand why your
calculations actually come up with
different results and where you need to
look to find about your betting strategy
so this was a very quick introduction in
filling in betting the bots into the
spreadsheet and I hope very much that
you found it helpful thank you for
listening